# Show Notes
*A rough and unimportant guideline*

## Details

**Title**
_Select title after show during editing_

**Description**
_Create a description after the show during editing_

**References**
**List all links to articles talked about, music referenced, videos referenced, etc.** _Compile during editing_

**Hosts**

**Guests**

======
## Brainstorming

**Section 1**
  (cold open about cuba)

  (cold open recognizing its a cold open and music comes next then...)

**Section 2**
-----
**Structure** 
*A concept, it does not need to be respected, but can be used to fallback on...*

 0. (Cold Open)-> (Music Intro)-> (Host Intro)
 1. (News)-> Afghanistan 
 2.   _Segway_-> CIA/JSOC "dark money" 
  3.  _Segway_-> Manufactured Opioid Crises 
  4.  _Segway_-> Slave Empire, never not fascist, founding fascists. In the                         past and present. 
  5.  Segway-> Apache || EcoCollapse || Nuclear Weapons
  6. (Callback)
======

## Spots

**Section 1**
  * __Cold Open__

  * __Music intro__; but completely inappropriate as an intro.. 

  * **Introduction to the show, our name is uncertain in season 0, pick random...**
        * NAME or ALIASES
        * PRONOUNS 
        * (Optional) BACKGROUND / PROFESSION 

* News is stupid, lets use what everyone uses, i don't know google news? .... 

*                         *spot* 

* __Afghanistan__ 
        * Far beyond simply protecting the heroin trade; and no, this heroin does not primarly go to the united states.
            * The USA is "flooded" with pills, that are entirely different semi-synthetic opiates
                * Poppies producing these white pills are derived from thebaine, and not morphine or codiene. 
                * Production for this is a far different plant than the papavier somniferum variety grown in Afghanistan or Turkey or Spain, or or or 
        * __Everyone keeps saying we protect the heroin trade; but thats absurd. We run the heroin trade, and JSOC, CIA, and any other government agency capable is using these "dark funds" to wage endless war.__ 
            * Espionage, sabatage, etc. Their original misssion was to shutdown communism. 
            * Well they won that, and their global spy network allows them to insider trade globally and at home. 
            * They, plutocrats, are moving power from states to corporate legal entities. 
            * A big part of this wealth is related to the siphoning of resources from government via military hardware. 
            * So whats the end game?
**Section 2**

  * **Upbeat midshow** Segway to following: 
    * __California succession__
        * California (and Oregon and Washington) should all re-join Mexico. We could furnish their army withthe newest technology and embargo the rest of the USA. Mexico has a substantial Army, and it is very possible we could align ourselves with other Latin American countries. 
         * Mexico city is already more important culturally than New York. Let New England try to vote their way out of a slave empire. 
    * __Opioid crises is manufacrtured, and we undertreat pain.__ 
        * People, especially woman, are incredibly under treated for pain. 
            * Pain medication could be simpler, it could just be morphine.
            * Most semi-synthetics based on thebaine result in greater euphoria and increased abuse potential. 
        * People should be allowed to vape opium at their lesiure.
         * Before drug criminalization, which was designed to grow the missing, and neccessary, slave class, people would vaporize opium as social lubricant instead of alcohol. It is impossible to die vaping opium, one will fall asleep before they can overdose. 
    * __Cryptorepublicans__ 
        * Leftists need to run as republicans. Use both parties, they are by design different abstractions to isolate power to a few. So why would we only use one lever? And the one assigned to the jobbers? 

  *                   *Spot* 
  
  * **End grim** Segway to following: 
    * __I Heart Apache__
        * She is accused of torture for wounding soldiers and attacking their squad members trying to rescue them. 
        * We refused to stand in columns and fought from cover in our revolution. 
        * A person sits in jail, again, for the crime of informing you that our soldiers do this, to civillians.
        * She ran a squad of woman snipers and has an absurd kill count. She was not insignificant in the victory vietnamese peoplehad over the USA. 
        * I wan't vietnamese rappers to be hard and talk about shutting down the USA occupation of their country. But I doubt we will ever see that; they are all too polite.
        * Vietnamese are better people; after they defeated the imperialists occupation of a huge part of their country. They went and stopped the Khmer Rouge from continuing their genocide, and doomed political program for fun. 
         * *Being a good American (USA) is being a bad person.*
    * __Total Ecological Collapse__
        * Its not climate change, its climate collapse. 
        * Climate, or long term weather patterns growing unstable is a symptom of a greater problem: _Cascading ecological collaspse_. 
        * Climate instability manifests as the feedback loops that stabilize the climate within predicatable windows, resulting instability allows for greater extremes. 
        * But we are also having species collapse, as mass instinction continues. 
         * The destruction of our seasonal forests is probably less glamorous than the destruction of the Amazon, but will likely cause greater damage quicker. 
          * Replanting trees is not enough; learn abuot succession 
          * Every estimate has been incredibly optimistic, and the last estimate was major ecological catastrophe within 12 years. And thats optimistic.  People pretending this won't happen in their lives are delusional: the pandemic is part of growing this large, its part of the ecosystem "immune system" preventing species like ours from destroying the delicate fabric enabling the complex diversity keeping evolution going. (We need to understand this, realize all our current stratificaton across our matrix of human organisms, forming a super brain or several super brains, doesn't help.')
        * Mother nature/ecosystems still have tools to control our population if we can't, like a komodo dragon.

    * __Viral Load__
        * Latent diseases, confusing diagnoses; a possible factor: viral load on the human race. 
    *  __Carrying Capacity of Earth being Reached__
        * I don't care if early ecologists before they rebuilt the science from scratch were assholes.
            * All scientists were awful people, but that has changed a lot-- we don't use 1950's ecology-- or 1950's biotechnoogy.'
    * __Nuclear Weapaons, rotting in a building that hasn't looked modern in generations.__
        * Where one goes off randomly, which it will happen eventually. 
        * Will it be in a "red" or "blue" part of the country? 
            * Or should we just ask if it will be in the fascist part of the country?__ 
  * __USA has always been fascist, its a slave empire, in its origins and presently.__
        * __We have more black men in prison than were interned in "work camps" in Germany.__
        * __German plans were based on the USA, and have always saught to create a "United States of Europe"; and soon they will.__
        * __But our prisons cage our slaves, the exemption in the thirteen admenent.__ 
        * __FOUNDING FASCISTS wrote the worst consitution imaginable; it created something, but that thing was not democracy, and it was never intended to be.__ || 


* **Can't end until someone ties the second section to the first section with a callback of some sort.** (This gives the illusion of structure that doesn't exist.) 

=====
